* Implement a Hash data structure from scratch. You can’t use built-in Hash or Dictionary APIs. You can use a built-in Array or List or your custom-built LinkedList.  The Hash class must have the following functions and fields - 
    * HashTable: a fixed-size array or list. Depending on your hash function this array or list can be one-dimensional or two-dimensional. [1pt]
    * hash(x): a hash function that converts a string x to an integer i.e. index in the hashtable. You can implement any hash function described in the textbook. Your hash function must have a collision-resolution mechanism. [6 pt]
    * insert(x): insert string x to the HashTable in the index returned by hash(x). [2 pt]
    * size(): returns the size of the elements i.e number of keys.  [1pt]
* Read and parse each word from file.txt. Note that, this file is very large, therefore, reading the text at once will crash your program. You should read the text line by line. To split a line into words you can consider anything other than alpha-numeric (i.e. [a-zA-Z0-9]) characters are delimiters, for example, ‘\n’, ‘\t’, ‘,’, ‘.’ etc. [2 pt]
* An Anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase, typically using all the original letters exactly once. For example, `mango` and `gonma` are anagrams for they contain the same characters. Write a function that would find out how many unique anagram-root words are there in the novel. An anagram-root word is a word that is derived by sorting the word by characters. For example, `mango`’s anagram root is `agmno`. To find the number of unique anagram roots, do the following steps - [8 pt]
    * While you parse each word from the file, sort the words by character. You can use any built-in sorting API. 
    * Insert the sorted words in the hashtable you implemented above. If the word is already present in the hashtable then skip it. You 
    * Once, all the words have been sorted and inserted (or skipped), call the size() function of the Hash class. 
